PASS

Checked against both reviewed grade-3 spans, primarily command.go:1794-1803 (anchor "Flag climbs up the command tree looking for matching flag.") and command.go:1146-1168 (anchor "&& !pflag.Changed").

1. Answers the question asked. The question is "How to check if flag was set or not?" and the response gives exactly that procedure: look the flag up, then test whether it was set. It does not drift to a nearby question (completion, flag groups, required flags).

2. Substantively correct. The response's mechanism — obtain the *flag.Flag via cmd.Flags().Lookup(name) or cmd.Flag(name), then read its Changed field — is consistent with both grade-3 spans. command.go:1794-1803 is the lookup step the response names verbatim in substance (Flags().Lookup(name) with fallback to persistentFlag), and command.go:1146-1168's "&& !pflag.Changed" is the Changed test the response names as the way to tell whether the user explicitly set it. Nothing in the answer key contradicts the claim.

3. Grounded in the bundle. The response cites command.go:1795 / evidence e52, which is present in the bundle bytes as a snippet spanning command.go:1789-1801 and containing the literal text "// Flag climbs up the command tree looking for matching flag.", "func (c *Command) Flag(name string) (flag *flag.Flag)", "flag = c.Flags().Lookup(name)" and the fallback "flag = c.persistentFlag(name)". It also cites bash_completions.go:699 / evidence e51, present in the bundle as the nonCompletableFlag snippet "return flag.Hidden || len(flag.Deprecated) > 0", which it uses correctly and honestly as an in-bundle demonstration that *pflag.Flag fields are read directly off the returned flag object — the basis for reading .Changed the same way. Both citations resolve to bytes actually in the bundle it was given.

No fail criterion applies: it is not about a different question, it contradicts no grade-3 span, it does not answer purely from outside the bundle, it does not say INSUFFICIENT, and it makes a concrete checkable claim (Lookup/Flag then .Changed) rather than hedging. The one element it supplies by inference rather than by a literal bundle line is the field name Changed itself; that inference is explicitly flagged as an extrapolation from cited in-bundle evidence, the surrounding lookup mechanism is cited from the bundle, and the resulting claim matches the answer key, so criterion 3 is met.
